This is the Global Script Pledge, version 1.0.

This is the code of conduct for the Global Script project.

The Global Script Pledge is Copyright © 2018 by Jonathan Cast.
Anyone is free to modify and redistribute this file, but only this exact version may be referred to as the "Global Script Pledge".

Anyone is free, and encouraged, to adopt this pledge as the code of conduct for their project, or adapt it (after changing the name) to fit their needs.

I, [state your name], in the name of all that is holy to me, pledge that:

I will strive, in all my dealings with the Project, to make it the best piece of software that it can be.
I will always remember that software is a tool, and that the only dimension along which it can be evaluated is its suitability for the purpose for which it was designed.
I will always remember that software exists in a changing environment, and that it will be changed in the future to make it suitable for its purpose in a new environment.

I will always remember that "technical" comes from the Greek work τεχνικός, and that it refers to the way in which a tool fulfills its purpose.

I will never care about, and will try to avoid knowing, the sex, race, sexual orientation, religion, or national origin of anyone who contributes to the Project.

I will never attempt to use personal friendships or connections to advocate for or against any feature, bug, or design decision in the Project.
I will never allow any technical decision that I make to be influenced by personal friendships or connections, or by my likes or dislikes for the person making an argument.

I will always make technical arguments, and decisions, on technical grounds, and I will always evaluate technical arguments on technical grounds.

I will never become emotional in any discussion about the Project, or allow my emotions to influence my decisions about the project.
I will evaluate all arguments made regarding the Project on their logical merits or demerits.
I will only criticize arguments, never the person making them or the conclusion reached, although I will present my arguments when I can.
I will always respect the humanity of my collaborators on the Project, and I will never expect my collaborators to respect my humanity.

I will always respect the right of the maintainer to accept or reject any patch to the software.
I will always respect the right of the developer making any change to the software to write it the way he wants.
I will always respect the right of any developer to choose the tools that he is most comfortable and productive with.

I will always use the approved procedures to change the software, and will not bypass them for any "emergency".

I will always follow good design principles, to the best of my ability.

I will separate functional code from feature code.

I will balance the short-cut I take today against the work it will cause me tomorrow.
